query-scheduler README (#9290)
grafana/mimir: pkg/scheduler/README.md

## Why Do We Need the Query Scheduler?

A dedicated queue component solves scalability issues which can arise from the usage of the "v1 Frontend",
in which the `RequestQueue` process was embedded in each Query Frontend instance,
and Queriers connected directly to the Frontends to request their next query to process.

### Query Frontend Resource Requirements

The Scheduler has limited responsibilities and low resource usage compared to the Query Frontend.
The Query Frontend is a complex component which must parse requests into Prometheus queries,
split, shard, and rewrite requests, and then merge large result sets from Queriers back together.

The Query Frontend therefore has higher baseline needs for its horizontal scale,
and often needs to further autoscale due to increase query count or complexity.
This need for higher pod counts introduces connection scaling issues with the Queriers.

### Querier Connection Scaling

Each of N active Querier pods maintains at least one connection to each of M component pods dispatching queries,
whether that dispatching component is the Query Frontend or the Query Scheduler.

> In the v1 Frontend, the Queriers connect directly to the Frontends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the v1 Frontend, the Queriers connect directly to the Frontends.
```
